React SearchBox documentation (#157)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/react-searchbox/quickstart.md

nestedSidebar: 'react-searchbox-reactivesearch'
---

> [react-searchbox](https://github.com/appbaseio/react-searchbox) - React SearchBox is a standalone, lightweight search library which allows you to add custom UI components and allow seamless search systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[react-searchbox](https://github.com/appbaseio/react-searchbox) - React Searchbox is a lightweight search library (30KB gzipped size) for quickly creating search experiences powered by Elasticsearch. It takes care of querying to Elasticsearch, managing search state and updating your search UI. Searchbox is built with ease of integration with any design system in mind.
```

Reviewer: I've edited this. See if this sounds better. We can make changes to this for better accuracy.

nestedSidebar: 'react-searchbox-reactivesearch'
---

[react-searchbox](https://github.com/appbaseio/react-searchbox) - React SearchBox is a standalone, lightweight search library which allows you to add custom UI components and allow seamless search systems.

## Installation

`React Searchbox` uses `Searchbase` as an internal dependency to connect with an Elastic Search system to perform search queries. To explore about Searchbase [click here](). To install React Searchbox you can use `npm` or `yarn` to get set as follows:

### Using npm

```js
npm install @appbaseio/react-searchbox
```

### Using yarn

```js
yarn add @appbaseio/react-searchbox
```

> ## Basic Usage

Reviewer 2: @nikhil-varma This example should also render the search results.

```js
import React, { Component } from 'react';

import { SearchBase, SearchBox } from '@appbaseio/react-searchbox';

export default class App extends Component {
	render() {
		return (
			<div>
				<SearchBase
					// Your ES index name
					index="good-books-ds"
					// Credentials to access details from the server
					credentials="a03a1cb71321:75b6603d-9456-4a5a-af6b-a487b309eb61"
					// URL of the system
					url="https://arc-cluster-appbase-demo-6pjy6z.searchbase.io"
				>
					<SearchBox
						id="search-component"
						dataField={[
							{
								field: 'original_title',
								weight: 1,
							},
							{
								field: 'original_title.search',
								weight: 3,
							},
						]}
						defaultSuggestions={[
							{
								label: 'Songwriting',
								value: 'Songwriting',
							},
							{
								label: 'Musicians',
								value: 'Musicians',
							},
						]}
						title="Search"
						placeholder="Search for Books"
					/>
				</SearchBase>
			</div>
		);
	}
}
```

> ## Result

Reviewer 2: The title should be an example with a facet
